No paper no writing tools :

long range communication is organised in "com center" where "com bubbles" are tuned to one another between centers so two parties can talk together.
short range communication often goes through runner (often young persons who knows the city well and delivers messages vocally, police departement have an agreement with the runner "guild" [if we work with guild] to be prioritized), otherwise short term record bubbles are often use in mid-classes and above

Com bubbles, com centers and com salon : com bubbles go by pairs, one being tuned to another, they are then sent to two differnet places and used to talk dispite the distance. Each com bubble needs a source (which makes a discret source that much more valuable), when both com bubbles are powered sounds travel from one bubble to another
Com centers are big places where you can rent a com bubble for a time. A bit like the old post offices, you would ask for a city and then be linked to an operator to who you asked to speak to whoever you want to talk to. If the person is around the call goes through, otherwise you can pass on a message to a local runner. Com centers are a "rising power" : their influence spread across the whole realm (country) and they are one big monopoly. They haven't yet asked for a seat in the coubcil (or a similar position of power in any other cities) but people aware of it wonders when they will make their political move (if ever).
Com Salons : are for the higher class. It is not only a com center but a place where to sit, relax, drink and maybe have a call. Those places value privacy above all else (which is not the case of the call center, where the source and any neighbor can hear what you say) 

Runner : runner travels through the city to bear vocal messages around. They know the streets well and have a good ear-memory (or trained it well enough). They run so they also have a good physical condition. Their organisation was lacking a decade ago but they are getting better (notably using a system to "share" the city between them. They are usually paid when they deliver their messages, but it is good manner to give them a tip when one sends them on an errand.

Cryier [or a better name] / news-yeller : they are also  young people with good ear memories, they go around the city delivering big news (usually people throw them a piece to know more or hear the news) most often : basic news is yelled, more details can be asked if you pay for it. Some rich person can pay a regular fee so one of those news-carrier come every day 
