Captain of the Anti-science department: Jeffery Anthony Dynamite
Physical description: In his 50s with reciding hair line, greying hair and wrinkles in a weathered face. He is of average height with the start of a belly, but there is something in how he gives himself that you immediately notice he is someone strong willed and powerful.
Personality: Jeffery is a strict and stern person. Don't mess with him or his order in his department or you'll get an ear-full. He “reigns” over his department with iron hand, not letting his people slack off. On the other hand, he stands behind his people and tries to keep them enough space to do whatever is necessary to solve their cases. He is quite sober, rarely cracking a joke and not appreciating jokes from others. He is loyal, most of all to the people he considers “his” (so his family, his department, his police wo/men, his city) and he has no problem hiding or scheming a bit to keep those people safe from interferences from “outside forces” (like the King's people or the Major.)
Magical talent: Moderate Source and strong Caster. He is well trained in both fields, has year long experience.
Job: The head of the Anti-science department. He is the one assigning jobs and teams, but also the contact person to the King's people. His diplomacy and high level of magic power gave him this job.
History: Jeffery grew up in as the kid of a police man in the third generation. So it wasn't surprising that he considered and followed the same way of life. His magical power was stronger than that of his siblings and well fitting for his career choice. With his down to earth kind of character, he managed quite well to reach his high set goals – the get into the anti-science department and one day become the head of it. 
Family: 
He has a wife and two adult kids and one teenage daughter
They all live in the same city, the two older kids no longer at home, though
He considers his department and even the city as a part of his extended family he has to look after
